feat: add start api doc page (#14708)
newrelic/docs-website: src/content/docs/browser/new-relic-browser/browser-apis/start.mdx

---
title: start
type: apiDoc
shortDescription: A method used to start agent features when running in a deferred state
tags:
  - Browser
  - Browser monitoring
  - Browser Agent
metaDescription: A method used to start agent features when running in a deferred state
redirects:
---

<Callout variant="important">

> This API will work for any browser edition (Browser Lite, Pro, or Pro+SPA). The configuration required to use this API is not currently connected to the larger deployment system within New Relic.  As such, this feature is only supported via Copy/Paste or NPM until further changes are made.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This API will work for any browser edition (Browser Lite, Pro, or Pro+SPA). The configuration required to use this API is not currently connected to the larger deployment system within New Relic.  As such, will only have an effect in Copy/Paste or NPM installations until further changes are made.
```

> This API will work for any browser edition (Browser Lite, Pro, or Pro+SPA). The configuration required to use this API is not currently connected to the larger deployment system within New Relic.  As such, will only have an effect in Copy/Paste or NPM installations until further changes are made.

Author: I don't think that currently exists on the docs site

</Callout>  

## Syntax

```js

> newrelic.start(value: string[]|null)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
newrelic.start(value: string[]|undefined)
```

Author: nice catch :ty:

## Description

Features can be loaded in a `deferred` state, which can be controlled by setting the appropriate features' `autoStart` property to `false` in the configuration block `NREUM.init.<feature>` used by the agent. This feature state means events will be observed and stored in the agent, but *will not be harvested to NR1 until told to do so* with the `.start()` API method. See [Feature Names]('#feature-names') for a list of feature names. See [Examples]('#examples') for examples showing how to set features into a deferred state.

Upon executing this function with a valid value, the browser agent will start the relevant features that have been deferred by the `autoStart: false` configuration. If called with no arguments, the method will start all features that have been deferred.
If called with a list of strings representing the feature names, the feature names matching the strings will be started.  See [Feature Names]('#feature-names') for a list of feature names.

## Parameters

<table>
  <thead>
    <tr>
      <th width="25%">
        Parameter
      </th>

      <th>
        Description
      </th>
    </tr>
  </thead>

  <tbody>
    <tr>
      <td>
        `value`

>         _string[]_ OR _null_

Author: ```suggestion
        _string[]_ OR _undefined_
```
